STN 9:42 here with another diecast
review this time it is on wrong one
today's 2009 Longhorn Chevrolet okay let
me turn on the off side of the box
okay as you can see here it has Kevin
Harvick incorporated Longhorn racing 33
there's Ron hornaday's arbor oh this is
autographed by the way Ron Hornaday in
for me for scale race truck NASCAR
action still the choice of Champions
number 33 Longhorn racing NASCAR
hologram action person collectibles the
same thing is the other side 2009 RCC a
movie.com silver series and I just ought
to tell you for anyone before they ask I
bought this truck online at Ron
florida.com and you go down to the right
of the page and it says autographed
merchandise very nice truck I think it
was something like $50 Dan Scott
it is also autograph not only on the box
but also on the winch over there okay
here's the trick and it's mad long plate
because it's tobacco product okay long
horn icing it's got the bull Chevy Chevy
savour Silverado Goodyear NASCAR Camping
World Truck Series decals gives your
Wrangler tires Ron Hornaday American
flag green hungry man
Kevin Harvick incorporated Longhorn the
fw k RC Melcher georgia boot
penzal on born it's got the long horn
out there safety clean
long horn Chevy 33 okay John the
headlight okay and then this is a truck
it's got this in the back long one
it's got Kenneth it's got came along
okay long one one one
goodra wrangler georgia boot VFW penzal
okay 33 reen hungry man Kevin Harvick
incorporated Ron Hornaday
33 Camping World Truck Series decals
good you oh and I'll get another shot at
the autograph list that's pretty sweet
but the only place you can get them for
like $50 is Ron Hornaday dot-com
everywhere else they're really expensive
there's the engine and it is a very
heavy truck it's it's at least as heavy
as the the co t cars the 154 scale is at
least as heavy as those it's pretty
heavy for a truck up the only other
truck I have is this one which I have a
video on please watch that if you hadn't
but it is a very nice truck now look
thank you for watching